Friends, in this video we will
tell you on your mobile phone how you can get ICICI LMAD two wheeler
insurance renewed.  Yes,
today I
will tell you the complete process of renewal.  So here
you have to follow the simple step by step process that I will tell you on your mobile phone.
After that,
you will be able to renew your two-wheeler insurance very easily through ICICI LBD here.
Let's go to the mobile phone
screen.  Friends, it has arrived on
your mobile phone screen.  Now I will
tell you how
you can renew your car insurance of ICICI LBRD here.
For this, you simply have to
open the Chrome browser of your mobile phone.
After that, simply search by writing
icici
lbar here, in this way you can search by writing ICI lbar.
Here the
site of icici lbar.com is shown to you.  Please click on this.
After that multiple options are shown to you.
So what do you have to do here?
You have to walk on the three dots.
After crossing the three dots, we wait a little.
After clicking on the three dots,
you will see that multiple options are shown to you here.
So here you get an option
of renewal.  You can see.  Click on this.
After that multiple options come here.  So
here I am renewing the bike policy.
So I will click on this.  After that
your interface opens in front of you in this manner.
What do you have to do now?  You have two
options to renew your vehicle insurance by
registration number and
policy number.  So here I
click on the registration number.  I will
enter my car number.  I
click on proceed.  As soon as I click on proceed, then
here it will
ask you to enter the engine number or chassis number.
So here you have to enter the engine number or chassis
number.  So
you will have to enter any one of the two details.
After that you have to click on Renew My Policy.
Now here you can see that
in my case the
option of Cannot Send Mobile Number is coming here.  If you are
also facing this problem then call and
ask here what is the problem?
You will need to update your mobile number.   It simply
says that it is unable to send OTP to the mobile number or
email ID.
Not updated.  So look,
I cannot show you the further process.  But let me
tell you.
What you will have to do in the next process.  Simply your entire
details will be fetched.  Everything about the person in whose name your
car is registered will be shown to you here.
You have to check your details.
After that it shows you the plan there.
And you can take whatever plan you want.
You have to make a simple payment.  Your payment
will be made and you will get the option to download the policy there.  It is a
simple process.
After this you
can do this much further.  Since I do not have the details here, the
OTP is not being sent to my mobile number.  Because of this I
cannot show you the further process.
So I hope you have understood.  So let's
end today's video here.
See you in another video.  Till then
, bye, take care.